prepare-release-plan skill updates (#15566)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: eng/common/instructions/azsdk-tools/typespec-to-sdk.instructions.md

3. Prompt the user to provide the API spec pull request link if not already available in the current context.
4. If unsure, check if a release plan already exists for API spec pull request.
5. Prompt user to find the service id and product id in service tree `aka.ms/st` and provide them. Stress the importance of correct service id and product id for proper release plan creation.

> 6. If a new release plan is needed, refer to #file:.github/skills/azsdk-common-prepare-release-plan/SKILL.md to create a release plan using the spec pull request or TypeSpec project path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If a new release plan is needed, refer to #file:.github/skills/azsdk-common-prepare-release-plan/SKILL.md to create a release plan using the spec pull request. API spec pull request is required to create a release plan.
```
